if Wolf of Wall Street was about SEO
you see those Google search results it's
called SEO I'm gonna let you in on a
little secret about these websites
they're not going to rank themselves
okay without you they're just worthless
pieces of code
like a loaded M16 without a trained
Marine to pull the trigger
and in the case of the SEO
it's up to each and every one of you
my highly trained seos
my Killers my Killers who will not take
no for an answer
my Warriors
who not close their laptop until their
clients ranking fly are flipping die
[Applause]
let me tell you something
there's no nobility in no rankings I've
been a ranked man and I've been a poor
man and I choose ranked every flipping
time
because at least as a rich man when I
have to share my analytics I show up in
the back of a limo wearing a two
thousand dollar suit and a forty
thousand dollar gold flipping watch
[Applause]
now if anyone thinks SEO ain't important
go post about the manjan and gating
content being dead
because that's where you're flipping
belong
but Before you depart this room full of
winners I want you to take a good look
at the person next to you
go on
because sometime in the not so distant
future you're going to be pulling up to
a red light with your beat up yo score
and that person's gonna put up right
alongside you in a top ranked website
with that beautiful dashboard by this
side who's generating more leads than
since and who will you be next to
some disgusting page 10 website that
hasn't seen an inbound lead since the
1800s crying because you need to cold
call for the next year that that's who
you're going to be sitting next to
without SEO
so you listen to me and you listen well
are you behind on your link building
good pick up the keyboard and get
working is your content writer about to
cry good pick up the keyboard and get
working does your client think you're a
flipping worthless loser good pick up
the keyboard and get working
I want you to deal with your problems by
ranking top
all you have to do today is pick up that
keyboard
and follow the process that I have
taught you
and I will rank you higher than the most
powerful SEO of the United States of
flipping America
I want you to go out there
and I want you to Ram eeat content down
your website's throats
till they flip and choke on it and they
choke on it and drive a hundred thousand
leads that's what I want you to do
you'll be ferocious you'll be relentless
you'll be SEO flipping terrorists
now let's knock this Revenue goal out of
the park SEO